hey everyone Megan here and it's not to
say that I would do a little review on
skinny coffee club I put up an Instagram
photo a few months ago saying that I was
going to start using the product I've
had a few messages and and and comments
on my shoulder saying all I can find
online are lots of reviews
you don't think two responses can please
just give me your honest opinion so I
thought I would do a little bit of video
so I like to keep talking the same thing
over and over just to let you guys know
how I felt about the product so I
decided that using skinny causes left
because I see a couple of reviews online
they were sponsored and I suppose did
some research I figured I've tried
penny-tees before and I really don't
like the taste I am really quite fancy
when it comes to tea tastes but coffee I
feel like it's going to be the same no
matter what there's always gonna be a
coffee taste even if it's got other
things mixed in with it so I figured it
was better for me I also drink a cup of
coffee a day at least maybe even more
than that so I figured no matter what
the weather is no matter how I'm doing I
can pass coffee therefore I should just
get something that's gonna be coffee
flavored I ordered the products online
through the website and it got to me
within about a week it says that you can
quiet faster shipping and things but for
me I didn't need it showed away I
figured when it cons becomes and I'll
just try it from there on out I thought
the price was kind of expensive for what
it was so I want to say so patience ease
they had any stock car anything like
that seeing as I wasn't right the first
time
I couldn't really find any reviews that
weren't sponsors for any kind of reviews
at all that went into the company of
promoted by the company so I figured I'd
look some discount clothes and I
channeled 50% off it was an awkward but
I did use it and it did work so it's
getting coffee flow claims to help
increase your energy levels improve your
skin improves sleep quality increase
your metabolism
an antique closing effects increase your
stamina enhance your immunity and have a
long-term weight loss personally when I
first tried it I really hated the taste
I had it as the directions were without
milk and without a teacher I on the
first day I think I thought a little bit
save urine just because I really did not
like the taste at all and I thought it
might help which actually made it was on
the second day I put a little bit of
stevia and coconut milk in my coffee and
it really didn't help but within the
first week I pretty much got used to the
taste by itself without anything added
into it I did let it sit in kind of
bread for a while I guess each day I
used the recommended amount that the
company said to put into your coffee
plunger which was one teaspoon I was
putting in about one level teaspoon so
it wasn't heat or lacking anything like
that because they do like quite strong
coffee but I found that within by the
time I was thinking too about the 14 day
mark two-week I found that I was running
it was really low on the packet and I
had to cut back to half a teaspoon at
Morris just to make it last so I managed
to get it to last of the 28 days and I'm
just going to tell you a bit about how I
felt and from the results that I had
after the first week is supposedly get
to see results I definitely saw results
in a sense of my energy levels but I
didn't really realize it until I stopped
using coffee and went back to my normal
cup of coffee
I didn't have imported skin I have
really bad varnishes I am acting prone
and have combined skin I do have a daily
skin to skin care routine where I
cleanse my skin exfoliate from mask on
every week and moisturize and it did not
help the blemishes especially around my
chin area it was sorry about it looked
horrible and it wasn't able to be really
covered up by makeup all that well it
just kind of still cared through and on
my forehead my blackheads got huge
my pores got huge my sleep quality got
really bad I think probably in the first
week it wasn't so bad but as soon as I
got types of second week it got pretty
bad I just I was having nightmares all
the time I was waking up during the
night it was horrible
after their anti bloating and long-term
weight loss and the increased metabolism
I definitely felt a lot less bloated
I didn't originally go on a project to
lose a lot of ways and to lose as the
inches of me and stuff like that I knew
that it probably would not happen in
fact I just I wasn't expecting it to I
was expecting to be others less bloated
and to feel a bit that it myself I
definitely felt a bit of a difference
around my kind of where my hip bones are
that's why I struggled most of my life I
love it's that I can't seem to get rid
of it no matter what I do I just feel
like it kind of shrunk a little bit but
as soon as I finish my 28 days within a
week I felt like I floated again I felt
like all the weight that I might've lost
from them problem areas came back really
really easily I myself I have pretty
much cut out sugar soft drink fast food
fast foods from my diet since the
beginning of the year I cover only
recently just started putting sugar back
in my puffy and melt black in my coffee
within the last two months as I'm
finishing this product and before that I
was very much on a clean eating diet
I was binging or excessively having crap
or anything like that I also wasn't
drinking alcohol but I don't feel like
it really doing anything to help me lose
any more weight there I was losing I
just really don't think it was worth
that the results weren't there for me I
don't know if it was maybe something I
was doing or doing wrong or whatever but
I am going to try it again obviously I
have a self pack I might as well try a
page for it if it does
mark doesn't work it's you know a few 30
volt dollars down the drain or something
like that it's not like it's the end of
the world and if it doesn't know if it
doesn't work it's this video kind of
help people though I really encourage
you to research I did mine it just
wasn't anything out there at the time
unfortunately that wasn't is it
sponsored or promoted by the companies I
feel like having an independent person
say to you this product doesn't really
work to me and Michael look to you might
be helpful to what some of you and I
hope it is if it is please let me know
um and yeah it's at the end of the day
it's up to you with advice photos or not
and if you see results you see results
please like we hope you do see results
maybe it's just something I can do maybe
you can tell me what you did and I can
adjust myself
it's amazing makes it work better for me
thanks guys